[Music]
you
so welcome back to this section on short
term memory and we basically stopped at
the point of what short-term memory is
in the last section we discussed the
whole idea of what short-term memory is
so in this section we'll look into as
promised into a new conceptualization of
short-term memory which is called the
working memory so let's first look at
why this concept of working memory was
produced or that was presented at all
the reason why working memory was
presented was the fact that the
short-term store as we discussed in the
last class it was basically problematic
problematic in many reasons
now the short-term store the idea of the
short-term memory which is a limited
capacity store with seven plus or minus
two items as the maximum Intel
entitlement of item which is based here
and also for a time duration of 20
second this posed a number of problems
what was it the first problem that it
posed is that this store limits the
number of information that I can store
here so there were limits on to the
number of items stored here also in a
standard serial position curve
people should not be able to retrieve
items in the middle of the list so this
is how a steal position comes look I'd
look like so these this is where the
recency effect happens this is where the
prime is here happens and the items in
the middle of the list should not show
any kind of better recall and so this is
the this on this axis we have the
percentage of recall on this axis this
is the serial position of items so these
are items which is the beginning of the
list item number one two three four here
item so it's a four if it's a 20 item
list item number 20 18 and 19 fault here
and so item number 11 12 are what are
present here so it was found out that
these items when they were familiar to
people the items when these items men
which were familiar to people or people
knew it somehow they were so basically
then items which are familiar to people
they should pose a problem to people in
terms of the memories but what was
happening is the item suggests which are
familiar to people they were issuing
metric memories also in terms of
interference that we discussed this
interference that we were talking about
items of different codes or different
types of items for example auditory item
and an auditory cue or a tree test item
and a visual test item when they were
presented to people in a sh s TMR where
people were asked to remember these two
items in STM people were not showing any
kind of interference and so the fact of
the matter was this stn or the short
term memory or the short term store that
we are talking about was a little more
than the way it was received into that
kitchen chef and what we know we have
not discussed that in two different
model very quickly we look into it that
concern a shipment model is
similar to the model which is called the
model memory model and so what attention
and Shiffrin says is that memory is a
three part system which starts with
something called the sense a register
has something called the short-term
memory and then is followed by something
called the long-term memory so these are
what at each end Chafin calls as the
stores the different stores and that is
why he says since a we store the
short-term store and long-term so with
these
additionally attention a friend also
defines certain control on active
processes which move information either
from one store to another or move
information out of these stores and so
what attention shipment model discusses
is there is something called attention
here which makes information move from
the short-term register or the short
term store to the STM so short-term
memory and from the short-term memory
information is moves to the long-term
memory depends on a process which is
called rehearsal so this is how the
items move from one store to another
also decay and interferences are two
phenomena through which items move out
of these two stores so they came from
Rufina interference happens in terms of
long-term memory as well as short-term
memory and so this is what a brief
overview of Atkinson and Shiffrin model
is we'll discuss this model in the
long-term memory so basically two
positions to look at interference and in
terms of items in the middle of the list
or those items which people are familiar
with
they showed higher amount of detriment
or certain type of rules or certain type
of remembrance which required the
activity of the LTM those somehow went
ahead and helped people in terms of
remembering
so with this conceptualization another
kind of store was perceived or another
kind of store was thought of and that
was called the working memory store so
the information processing model of
attention Shipman 68 described
information processing as a two-part
process the information representations
being stored either as SDM or LTM and
the structure defining an estimate LTM
store and also the processes which is
moving it now these authors they
conceived of STM not as a store for
seven a few pieces of information for
few seconds but founded the information
STM somehow activates relevant
information incremental tiem and gathers
some of this information into STS so
this is what the conceptualization of
the STS or the short term store or the
attention shipment model was but then as
I described to the problem these two
problems led to the emergence of a new
store a new kind of memory system which
was developed by Bradley and H now
Bradley in his 1974 they performed the
C's of experiment to test the model
which was described over which was a
tension shipping model of how the STM
works and how it is the way in which STM
owes information from itself on to the
long-term memory or how it receives
information from the short-term store
now the design was to have participants
temporarily store a number of digits
while simultaneously performing another
task which is a reasoning language tasks
so two type of tasks were given to
people and as the STM store has sent
personas to item it was believed that if
number of items are increased on to the
short-term store some kind of
interference or some kind of forgetting
would happen or the task would have a
lower performance for performance or the
hypothesis was that s team capacity is
taken up by stored digits fewer
resources available for another task and
so performance on the task would suffer
as I just described to you
what happens if two kind of tasks are
given and one task is being stored onto
the STS or the short term store then
what would happen is that the next task
which is given to you if it's a
multi-dimensional task paradigm and if a
second task is given to you the second
task will not be processed or if you
process the performance will be very
bad on to it and so this is the
conceptualization on which Bradley NH
came up with a new dimension or a new
kind of memory system which was called
the working memory system now what was
this task about so let's quickly look at
the cast that Bradley and hitch came up
with the idea of that Bradley and H came
up in and so what Bradley and hitch task
was called the reasoning task with a
recall letter record so what this task
generally had is people had
first of all they had to keep some
letters store a number of digits so a
six digit or eight digit frame was what
was what people had to store onto the
memory so they had to remember this six
degrees so let's say the digits are
eight two eight six four three seven
this kind of a setup was given and they
were people were asked to commit to
memory this particular kind of system
which was there and then later on they
were given another kind of a logical
DC's and making tasks so for example
here a B the letters a B are presented
to people now what they were required to
do while holding onto the six or eight
digit task into memory is basically tell
as quickly as possible verify the
statements whether a precedes B people
had to say true or false or whether P B
is preceded by a so this kind of thing
was given to people and they had to keep
these eight or six days until their
memory and later on verify these
statements this a B is given to people
and then shown to people and then they
have to verify this a precedes B or B is
preceded by a what is the result of an
experiment like this no generally or
statement like B does not proceed by a
this kind of a statements are true or
false statement was given to people now
the interesting thing that happened here
the result of the experiment says that
if the number of digits which were
two two three if this is the number of
digits which I held in memory then the
performance of people on the letter
verification task on the a B
verification task it was similar to what
was there if no digit was given to them
so two kinds of people whether or two
groups of people whether a control group
had no digit to keep in mind or keep in
the memory and then do this very
sentence verification task or to let a
verification task and in the next case
people had two or three digits in their
memory and when needed to do this kind
of a verification task whereas it was
found out that if the number of digits
that has to be kept in the memory was
more than six then the performance went
down there was poor performance so if
sentences also some of the interesting
thing was found out that if the sentence
was negative if a negative sentence was
used for this kind of a thing so B does
not proceed by a look at this this is a
negative sentence so if a negative
sentence or a passive sentence like this
was used now in these cases also
the verification task was lower or the
verification task was somehow less but
then a poor performance happened so
basically then what happened is one two
three items are pre-loaded reasoning
task was done and the letter recall task
was done but in experiment 2 what
happened is 0 to 6 items are given to
people a reasoning task when an annual
letter recalled task was done so this is
the result of the experiment what really
happened so Bradley and H they found out
that two codes which are different one
is the logical code the other is the
digit code now if two codes are
different then with lesser number of
items our digits to be stored the
performance was not and becoming fewer
all not hampered in any way
what does this suggest is such as that
the
esteem is conceived in the short-term
store that if the number of digits are
more they will be cooler performances
that is not what's happening which
basically means that the short-term
store as conceived by attention is a
friend that it is a store which hire
which holds on to similar kinds of seven
acrostic code in the caustic code form
similar kind of seven plus or minus two
items was not true so badly English H in
1984 or Radley alone in 1991 they found
out that there was no common system for
cognitive processes there was no common
short term store which was prevalent or
which was available for all kind of
cognitive processes used in this also
the fact that memory load does not
disrupt the performances
so if lower memory load are given if two
paths are there and if a number if one
task requires some kind of a memory load
or a given little memory load then the
performance on the second task was was
not hindered in any way and so this is
the result that we are looking at so
reasoning times in terms of reasoning
time later recalled reasoning time the
later recall in terms of the load was 0
and 6 and as you can see what happens is
if the load was more the reasoning time
and later recall was higher than in
terms of so it is equal stress in this
case it is memory stress and this is the
kind of thing that happened so if the
number of load was 1 0 1 & 2 and what do
you see that the reasoning time was very
less it is nearly 3.3 1 second in which
people were able to perform the
reasoning tasks but as it increased the
number of the time increase to almost 5
second for reasoning which demonstrates
two things that parallel task processing
can happen in the STM store as it was
conceived by what attention is taken
said also the fact that STM's roar was
not the way that it was conceived
and in in that in right concern and
shipment so STM was now a limited
capacity store the way it was looked at
into attention was no more limited
capacities or it was it had more
capacity is it had capacities which is
beyond which which was sufficiently
numerous and then there are certain
control processes which go ahead and
move it also the fact that the way this
Sdn is conceived on to that it is a
limited capacity is no more true that
the capacity is more than seven plus or
minus two the way that is looked into
also if multiple tasks are given people
are able to complete this task and
interference that we talked about does
is not the reason or could could be
although it is a reason but then if two
different types of items are taken then
both a can be process which gave the
idea also one more thing to be looked at
here is that both the tasks require
different kind of jobs the a in the a B
verification task require people to
borrow from long term memory the rule
for verification for example let's say
this is a and B and if there is a
sentence the sentence say that a
precedes by B now if this is the
sentence or the sentence say that B is
preceded by a or things that we is not a
is not preceded by B so if a is not
preceded a is not preceded by B if this
is what you need to verify or B is not
succeeded by a this is the sentence that
you have to verify first of all this is
a negative sentence and then the words
have a meaning and the way that the
verification happens is that these rules
are actually stored into something
called a long-term memory so a long-term
memory has these rules to stored up so
what the conceptualization was that
these experiments were badly and H they
gave up three the brought to light three
new important factors about SDF one that
STM
can talk to long-term memory and can at
the time of processing itself can borrow
rules from long-term memory and that is
how this verification really happens the
conceptualization of Atkinson and
Shiffrin was that STM is a store which
basically keeps items and works and
links them through together through a
control process but on itself it does
nothing to the item whereas a Baddeley
and hitch proof for the first time that
there can be this kind of a sentence
verification task basically gave the
plausibility or laid the foundations for
the fact that more integrate or more
complex verifications or more complex
processes can be done on to this kind of
tasks which were presented to people
also the fact that if items different
items where first of all it is not the
caustic code in which most items are
stored into short-term memory it is
different codes which are there and so
there are different stores within the
short-term memory is what the
conceptualization was and for the first
time it was found out that this idea of
limits capacity was not true so proof
short-term memory was not sort of a
limited capacity store other thing that
interferences do happen but then if
items are a slightly different nature
then these interferences are not so
prominent if the items to task has
little items to get look to interfere
than to then the differences will not
result also the fact that at the time of
the working memory execution at the time
of an item is in to STM with the control
processes there are other processes
where LTM rules can be borrowed and some
kind of processes some kind of
operations can be done on to jobs put
into this particular store and so a new
conceptualization a new idea of a store
was thought of and this idea or this
store was what was the working memory
store and so Bradley and H gave the idea
of this working memory store now this is
a very interesting concept realization
because they still date this is the best
conceptualization of
to memory which wasn't out there and the
best results have been approved of this
so what is working memory then now
working memory as conceptualized by
Bradley and H is a three-part system
what happens is this itself this whole
part is now called as the short-term
store although a new additional item L
is included here which is called the
episodic buffer which I have not
demonstrated here but then this is the
third system so it's a basically a
three-part store controlled by a central
part so the conceptualization or the
working memory is done in this way
information from the short-term store
through attentional filters attentional
processes reaches something called the
central executive so by working memory
store is a three-part system it has
something called the central executive
it has something called the phonological
loop it has something called the visual
spatial sketchpad and has something
called the episodic buffer so
information which comes from the
short-term store through the attentional
process in different different
modalities reach generally something
called the central executive of the
working memory now what are the
activities of this central executive the
activities are to initiate control and
this is in process the central YouTube
can be thought of as a manager it
doesn't do anything it takes in
information from the short-term store
and then manages this information or
basically redistributes this information
on to two sub stores which are there and
so the two sub stores are the
phonological loop or the articulatory
rehearsal loop and the visuospatial
sketchpad now information which is
verbal in nature which is auditory in
nature or pushed on to the articulatory
loop articulatory rehearsal loop or the
phonological loop where as information
which is both special or spatial I would
say in nature or which requires visual
medium which is in terms of a visual
medium are pushed on to the
the usual spittle sketchpad so what
basically is an executive control system
it does this takes in information from
any medium and throws it into these two
stores which other let's look into one
by one these stores so basically the
negative control system in our executive
store is basically related to or its
activities are initiating controlling
the same process so basically it and
measures control it distribute this
information different information coming
from STS into these two stores also
reasoning language and comprehension so
basically if a task requires people to
do reasoning or to basically go ahead
and and use language then in those cases
people if reasoning or language is the
requirement of a job then in those cases
what needs to be done is that the
central executive comes into focus and
then it does this job how does this does
does this job of reasoning what it tends
to do is talks to the LTM through an
episodic buffer now as you know then in
education achievement model their team
is the store where most information is
stored now in the upcoming lectures
we'll look into how the LEM is arranged
what is the way in which LTM is arranged
and what is the way in which LTM really
works they look into the parts of the
LTM but then most rules facts are the
things that we call memory are stored on
to what is called the LTM so what this
particular model does is that executive
control whenever it needs to do a task
it sends or it makes these reasoning
language decisions based on rules which
are borrowed from LTM for example let's
take a very simple task the idea of
being more so if i thing is more than
something else let's say if a has more
number of if there are two jars and this
jar a has four items into it or four
balls into it and jar b has eight balls
into it and the concept of more so
who the question is whether jar a or jar
B is has more number of balls if that is
the question which needs to be verified
and then the central YouTube does this
verification by first taking this
information the information that there
is a jar there number of balls and
pushes this information into the visual
system then through the episodic buffer
it talks on to the long-term memory and
borrows the rule for what is more the
definition of what do you mean by more
so what it does is he talks to long-term
memory and the long-term memory then
three wheels or relates back the idea of
what is more on to the episodic buffer
the episodic buffer transfer this
information to the central executive
which then understands what is more and
then does the comparison also it
transfers information to long-term
memory by the Ursuline recording so
whatever answers that you get from this
kind of control processes this kind of
rules which are borrowed from long-term
memory and the information which is
inputted through both the articulatory
loop and the visuospatial sketchpad
these informations when it makes any
kind of meaning or if it needs to be
stored through earlier process of
rehearsal it is transferred to a
long-term memory example let's say if
there is an event you see your picture
from the fourth or fifth class and so
you see a friend of yours and now you
know this friend is now married and does
a job there so this information update
which is called recording of information
so the friend which is there with you in
the fifth class obviously at that point
of time he has he doesn't have these
features of getting married or having a
particular kind of a job or doing a
particular kind of a thing or looking in
a different way so these informations
are added of up to this event and we
transfer it back to LT m memory so that
LT m is updated onto these information
so this is what also the Central
Executive does and effects like recency
a prime is here also which is verified
by the central executed now the central
curative
takes in auditory information and pushes
all these information into the fore
look now the phonological loop has a ID
or something called subvocal rehearsal
so it does audited rehearsal as I said
the conceptualization of working memory
is better than short-term store because
the short-term store only talks about
auditory codes but then working memory
doesn't talk about audit records it
talks about both image imaginal codes
which is image code and auditory code
the phonological loop that we are
talking about has oddly code as the way
of remembering things and so information
which is passed on of the STM is if it
is in the auditory nature this pushed
from the working memory onto the
phonological loop and then this item is
rehearsed back is remembered in terms of
sub vocal rehearsal also this
phonological loop has two different
systems into it one is called the
phonological buffer the other is called
the sub vocal rehearsal now the
phonological buffer keeps information
ready for being accessed
let's say I tell you the word ROM is
going to the village now ROM is going to
the village this sentence in an auditory
code reaches your year it is passed on
from the stn on to the working memory
the executive central executive listens
to this one channel information Ram is
going to the village and pushes it to
the or tree loop or phonological loop
and the phonological loop the buffer
then keeps brakes away this LOM is going
to the village into its constituent
parts for example what is the subject
what is the object and what is the
connector what is the verb and loops it
the sub vocal rehearsal or sub vocal
yourself is the is the process where
this whole sentence is loop because it
is needed if it is not needed then it
won't do loop and so if it is needed
this kind of information is go and the
buffer is the place where the
information stays for some period of
time also recycling of items for
immediate recall is done by this
phonological of a buffer and
articulatory basically articulatory
processor Daniel but if an item or if a
piece of information which is
approaching is not in the vocal
dimension if it is not vocal in in any
format then what happens is that that
kind of information is then passed on to
the visuospatial sketchpad so in the
visual schedule scratchpad the
information is then broken down into his
visual constituents and so visual
imaginary special image visual search
tasks are done by this visual such task
and so here what happens is that the
visual images are stored nothing about
seeing a movie how is it that we see a
movie when we go to a movie there is a
wise and there is an act which is
happening there is a sequence of acts
which is happening here is the best
example of understanding out of working
memory happens so generally the audition
or the auditory channel is a
single-channel process for example when
I say Romney it is going to the village
you have to listen to each word until
unless you come to know the meaning of
the word which basically means that Rahm
is going to the village has to be
completely said or completely relayed
back to you if that is not done then you
will not understand the meaning of the
word so basically then Rahm is going to
village if I order to present you each
one has to be presented to you and so
each word has a meaning and so as words
appear to the central executive they
shall pushed onto the phonological loop
and a fun little loop then sub bocalee
rehearses one art after another so rom
is real starter is the ROM is is nor
here stupid going and ROM is going is
rehearsed with two RAM is going to is
rehearsed with village and so this is
the kind of yourself and then later on
you can take an information but and so
this that is why auditory channels or
auditory systems are basically a single
channel system but if I show you this as
a display ROM is going to the village
now in one particular brief movement you
can look at the whole image
you can make meaning out of it so that
basically means that video systems are
more accurate knowing when you are going
to when you are in a movie what happens
is the dialogue comes as a one channel
system whereas the images that you see
the actions that you see is basically in
terms of several sequences which are
there and so there is where the best
example of working memory is well the
Central Executive does it takes in
dialogues because riders proceed and so
these dialogues are taken in and then
pushed on to the phonological loop and
then it is matched with the sequence of
the action so the whole dialogue is
taken in and is repeated around through
the buffer and the sub vocal in yourself
and then later on a meaning is
interpreted of the scene based on the
the auditory feedback based on the
dialogue and the action and they are
mashed together with the central
executive so basically then both the
information the auditory and visual
information in a movie a portion to the
store the visual information goes on
through sketchpad visual informations
are slower it is basically stored down
and articulatory information are speeded
up and they are mashed together in real
time for giving the meaning of what you
hear and that is where a good example is
now a third stage of this particular
working memory is called episodic buffer
and the job of this episodic buffer is
basically to talk to the LT M so this F
is Erdrich buffer basically does a
feed-forward and feedback connection
with LT and so it takes in the
information to the LT m and takes that
information also back from it that is
what the the idea of this phonological
buffer is all about so basically then an
experiment was done to be to test the
phonological loop the existence of the
phonological loop and so what happened
in this experiment was what is the span
or what is the capacity of this
phonological loop so three sentences
were given to people they read very fast
and so this integer so three kind of
centers around
the village Sita is doing something and
Ram is doing something this is he sent
the different sentences were given to
people and people were asked to relate
back the last word so Ram is going to
the village so you have to read back the
word way you have to remember the word
village back or tell me the word village
that
so three sentences are given to people
and they have to remember back the
sentences so what was found out in this
task it was found out that this span the
phonological loop the efficiency of the
phonological loop or the span of the
philosopher loop depends both on the
comprehension and the task complexity
the kind of task if the sentences are
very simple it is easier for people to
remember where the words in the
sentences are long and complex in nature
or if people are not able to understand
the sentences the sentence contains
words which have difficult meaning in
those cases the central executive
additional input resultant delegative is
required then those tasks are not
processed and so basically the recall or
the span of this auditory loop depends
on both the task complexity and the
comprehension the way I think is
understood or read back also for visual
information or we just catch bad similar
experiment was done it was found out the
complexity or the visual system depends
describes the span so if it's a simple
system which is there which people have
to look into then it was easier for
people to relate that the information
but then if the information was complex
it was difficult for people to relate
back the information so then what does
the working memory consists of so as I
said it consists of a limited capacity
workspace let me divide it between the
storage and controlled processing and in
this term which is the central executive
that we are talking about this component
directs the flow of information choosing
which information is to be operated on
when and now as I said it's like a
manager so it takes a lot of information
and then decides what information goes
where then there is something called the
phonological loop which is used to carry
out subvocal rehearsal and maintain
verbal material so this is what we were
talking about in terms of vocal and the
visuals
spatial sketchpad which is that part of
the working memory which takes in
information from the visual area now a
very interesting study was done to to
comprehend the idea of STM and that was
with something called stimulus
independent thought the SI t now the
study was done by a steel in 1995 and so
what was the study the study was done to
find out what factors are what stores of
the working memory produces interference
with stimulus independent thought now
what is stimulus independent thought
let's first look into it and so stimulus
into independent thought as is defined
is basically a flow of thoughts or
images that the content of which is
unrelated to the immediate sensory input
so basically it's kind of a daydream so
basically stimulus independent thought
is a thought or is is a kind of thought
process which is not related to the job
at hand to the task at hand so the thing
was the task was to find out if STM
disturbs by performing another task if
people do another task enough of
short-term nature if people are doing
some tasks which is basically of some
nature whether it is visual and for
logical in nature whether stimulus
independent thought are affected by it
in some way or not and that is what the
task was so two type of tasks were
loaded on to the central executive one
task was to verify silly sentences so
sentences like you can buy priests in
shops or a dog a dog was raised on a
flagpole that kind of sentences were
there and so you have to verify the
sentences whether this is possible or
not and another kind of task that I used
was more awful looking tasks so in this
some kind of simple and complex
a field was given and within this field
people had to find out known geometrical
figures for example triangles and
circles so this kind of tasks were given
as you can see this task is a
phonological loop task and these are
visuals scheduled sketchpad tasks so
visual tasks and phonological task this
type of task we're given to people and
then people were asked to get engaged in
something called stimulus independent
thought or basically go ahead and dream
so in sessions participations so people
then did this task and with that they
also daydream and so what happened is
that at several points of time so at
several points of time people were
basically stopped so this is how they
are looking at this is the stimulus
independent thought and they're also
doing some other job so these dusts are
loaded here and so at several points of
time this is the time dimension so they
are stopped here here here and they are
asked to relay as what is going on to
the through their mind so they have to
describe their daydream so the task is
very simple in nature
somebody is asked to daydream and with
that daydreaming they are also given two
more tasks either to verify a silly
silly sentences which could which had no
meaning at all
whether it can exist or not and then
also to do a looking task which is
basically equivalent to looking at
something looking at a simple field or a
complex field and find out
hidden geometrical figures on to it so
basically then and in in this particular
framework people were stopped at various
pioneers points of time since they are
also D dreaming they asked to relate
back what is it that they're dreaming or
what is it that they are thinking about
so the sparse categorization
categorizations of society of task it
was found out that basically neither the
visual task or this kind of a thing
both the task together went ahead and
interfered
this stimulus and if
so if kind of extra tasks doing was done
if people were doing some either either
sentence verification test which is
phonological in nature or a simple
looking task which is which is basically
visually in nature this interfered with
the stimulus independent thought it
basically means that si T's are
something which are not independent of
this kind of a loop so if a stimulus
independent thought if people are
daydreaming and they're also given
another kind of task which has to be
done then it did interfere with the
stimulus independent thought so it's
basically then what was the result of
the study that basically Central
Executive is the reason why this kind of
a destruction happened also it was a
version of this task was done in which
people were able to do tasks with the
stimulus independent so people were
asked to daydream and with this daydream
they were asked to do some kind of a
routine task which is they always did
now in those cases when people did
routine tasks and they daydream then the
performance or daydream the performance
or relating back daydream was not that
poor then in cases where people were
loaded up with tasks for people they
asked to do tasks which required some
part of I have the phonological due or
the we just catch a sketchpad so
basically then it's not these centers
are these these areas of the working
memory identification or working memory
system which is responsible for
destructing the stimulus independent
thought it is the central executed so
when it asked has been well practice
routine in nature then the central
executive can devote enough attention
and civilize independent thought can
process but when a task requires some
kind of information processing some kind
of jobs to be done or some kind of
matter to be looked at some kind of
verification which requires some kind of
an effort in those cases this stimulus
independent thoughts got receded
so basically in this particular section
what we looked into is two things so
breaking up front elastics section a
section or thinking from the last
section where we look at what is short
term memory and what are the codes our
short-term memory how to store what is
the conceptualization what is the test
for short-term memory and what is the
kind of forgetting happens in this
particular section we devoted ourselves
on to a new conceptualization of
short-term memory which is the idea
working memory and we also looked at how
this working memory is tested and then
what is the different parts of working
memory and what is the benefit of using
value the working memory model over the
short-term memory model so one obvious
benefit is that the use of working
memory doesn't limit ourselves to
limited capacities first of all then it
doesn't basically bound us on to the
concept of limited time processing plus
it says that the kind of coding that is
done working memory model of short-term
store doesn't limit us to a particular
kind of code which should be used for
remembering so that's another benefit
which is there plus the fact that
working model or working memory model
allows us to think about a
conceptualization of a store in which
the store can talk to ATM and can get
informations and so the explanation of
the serial position curve that items
which are familiar appeal to you more
and so there's until a descriptive what
it does is if an item appeals to you
more if it relates to you in some way if
the relative 'no sizz very high it is
immediately transferred on to the
long-term memory or it is immediately
verified because this item is already
present in the long-term memory and so
the conceptualization or the question
that came in from the results of the
serial position curve that items in the
middle of the list which you're familiar
are which are somewhere personal to
people how they remembered more that
could be explained to this model
working memory so then working memory
model is a better model of short-term
store or the short-term
conceptualization and so in this whole
three-part lecture on memory
introduction to memory we saw how this
memory system really works we looked at
the short-term store the basic
performance of the short-term store of
how what happens and how things happen
we look at something called a short-term
store what is the capacity of the
short-term store what it does and what
it doesn't and what kind of information
is stored and also on to the working
memory which is a better
conceptualization of the short-term
store what are its part what is the
feedback it takes in how does it connect
to the long-term store and what are the
benefits of the working memory store
over to the short-term store so in the
next coming lecture we'll look into
something called the long-term store or
the long-term memory we look into the
various parts of the long-term memory
and then in upcoming lectures we'll also
look into parts of or different
conceptualizations of working memory
thank you
[Music]
you